# Checklist-Before-Submitting-Paper

- Contributors: [Zhao Xu](https://zhaohsu.top/)
- Last Updated: 2025-07-09
- Status: Draft

Here are some checklists I will follow before submitting a paper to a conference or journal. Still under construction, and **feel free to contribute to this project**.

## Whole Paper

- [ ] Use iThenticate to check for plagiarism.
- [ ] Use Grammarly to check for grammar and spelling errors.
- [ ] No **Acknowledgements** section in the paper for double-blind review.
- [ ] The external links in the paper are working properly and do not contain any author information (e.g., local paths, API name, email address, git commits, etc.)
- [ ] The paper does not exceed the page limit of the conference/journal.
- [ ] The paper does contain the required sections (e.g., Limitations, Ethics Statement, Checklist, etc.) as required by the conference/journal.

## The Use of LLM

*Usually, in most conferences, LLMs are only allowed to assist with writing (e.g., checking grammar, polishing the human-written text, etc.) and not to generate content.*

*WE, the authors, are fully responsible for the content of the paper, and we should not rely on LLMs to generate any content.*

*Therefore, it is recommended to double-check if all the content of the paper is properly obeying the rules of the conference.*

- [ ] Check the conference guidelines for the use of LLMs.
- [ ] Check the main text of the paper to ensure there is no content **100%** generated by LLMs.
- [ ] Check the **Bibliography and citations** whether they are properly formatted and cited:
  - [ ] **EACH** Author of each reference, Title, Year, etc. are correct (It is recommended to collect the reference list first and then use Google Scholar to get the corresponding BibTeX entries)
  - [ ] Check the **in-text citations** to ensure they are properly formatted and cited (no ? marks)
  - [ ] Substitute the arXiv reference with the updated corresponding conference/journal reference (if applicable)
  - [ ] Delete the unnecessary informatin in the BibTeX entry.

## Figures and Tables

- [ ] Print the paper and check if the content of the figures and tables are clear and readable (avoid very small font size, etc.) It is recommended to consider printing as Black and White to check the contrast of the figures and tables.
- [ ] It is recommended to use vector graphics (e.g., PDF, SVG) for figures.
- [ ] It is recommended to place the figures of one page on the top or bottom of the page, and near the first reference to the figure in the text.

## Text

- [ ] Ensure each abbreviation is defined at its first appearance in the text.
- [ ] Do not use "can't", "don't", etc.

## Reviews by LLMs

- [ ] Test your paper on this website: [https://review.cspaper.org/](https://review.cspaper.org/)
- [ ] Refine your paper according to the feedback of AI reviews here (remember to use anonymous email): [https://paperreview.ai/](https://paperreview.ai/)

...

# Checklist after Open-Access Paper

## Opensource

- [ ] Code (with proper license)
- [ ] Data (with proper license)
- [ ] Model (with proper license)

## Improve the Discovery

- [ ] Add the paper to [huggingface.co/papers](https://huggingface.co/papers)
- [ ] Write a blog/tweet/article to introduce the paper
- [ ] 